Connect ZBT-1: update to reflect home-assistant/core#138505 (#306)
NabuCasa/support: content/src/connect-zbt-1/about-the-device/about-firmware-updates.md

The Home Assistant Connect&nbsp;ZBT-1 ships with a full-fledged Zigbee firmware. *At this point, there are no known issues with the factory-flashed firmware.*

> Firmware updates for the Connect&nbsp;ZBT-1 are natively supported in Home Assistant 2025.4.0 if you are running the ZHA integration or OTBR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firmware updates for the Connect&nbsp;ZBT-1 are natively supported in Home Assistant 2025.4 and newer if you are running the ZHA integration or OTBR:
```
